feature/disclaimer-wallet-dinero (#2280)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/checkout-pro/payment-methods.en.md

| `installments` | Method that defines the maximum number of installments to be offered. |
| `purpose` | By indicating the value `wallet_purchase` in this method, Checkout Pro will only accept payments from users registered in Mercado Pago, with card and account balance. |

> WARNING
>
> Important
>

> > The payment methods 'Cash in account' and 'Wallet' cannot be excluded.

Author: ```suggestion
> The payment methods **Cash in account** and **Wallet** cannot be excluded.
```
